mojo decides he's going to play come on
forget where I got
well are you gonna come are you gonna
come good boy
I'll be here de whiners over there hmm
come on come on macho hey wait wait what
are you going
what are where are you going
where are you going there's nothing in
that corner for you that's a wall
come on let's go back this way come on
mojo mojo there's nothing over there
either here it is a closed room no
you're not going in the room come on
we're gonna come back this way come on
mojo are you gonna come no you should
set the door mojo come on come on come
on Roger
come on come on come on
here why don't you say hi say hi okay
come on this is mojo
he's my bearded dragon one of them he's
three
come on mojo see if he follows me
normally he does
mojo are you gonna come come on come on
he's my little escape artist he likes to
get out of the cage that the dogs are in
right now
over there I'm a big cage that cuts off
half the living room
come on mojo dear mama good boy yeah
what are you doing what are you doing
come on keep going he'll hit that carpet
it will fly come on we're still coming
are you gonna come come on
watch yeah I got some speed it goes
module and the dogs yeah that's the cage
he gets out of every time well sure you
lucky my were waiting lucky
that's lucky she's my female there you
go yeah baby
and then yeah mojo to run around her
yeah
oh say hi hi this is taboo not sasser's
miss sassy cheat some mojo around my
house that's enough that's enough that's
enough
yeah I normally long out to play with it
taboos being sassy you might see him on
some other YouTube videos of my hey and
then mojo goes after the cage that's
enough
he's gonna waste a play okay mojo see
boy boy boys
say bye say bye say bye okay